---
layout: post
title:  "How Can You Afford To Travel?"
categories: travel
---

I get this question from just about everyone I talk to. The answer is that **traveling is not expensive. It's actually cheaper.**



Flights can be expensive. Hotels are expensive. Paying for these things on top of rent or a mortgage makes them prohibitively expensive. So, **I don't pay rent and I stay in hostels.** I take flights on low days when they're cheapest.

I'll compare my old living expenses to my expenses while traveling. Of course, I was living in very expensive places so my case is more extreme than many. Costs are in USD.

First, the American living expenses I no longer pay:<br>
Car insurance: **$130 / month**<br>
Renter's insurance: **$15 / month**<br>
Total: **$145 / month**

Second, I stopped paying for voice and messaging for my phone, so I only have data. I can call my parents and partner for free on Skype. When I'm in the US I can call anyone for free using Google Hangouts. I can text people with Google Voice, Skype, Hangouts, WhatsApp, or iMessage. There's no reason to pay extra for voice and texting.

Verizon's 3GB data / month + tethering: **$98 / month**<br>
SingTel's 4GB data / month + tethering: **$28 / month**<br>
Difference in phone plan: **$70 / month**

So, the difference in costs:

**Seattle:**<br>
Rent + Utilities: **$1,900**<br>
+ living expenses (above): **$2,115**

**San Francisco:**<br>
Rent + Utilities: **$2,500**<br>
+ living expenses (above): **$2,715**

**Singapore:**<br>
Round trip flight from San Diego: **$1,056**<br>
Hostel (River City Inn) for 30 days: **$622**<br>
Total: **$1,678**

**Koh Chang, Thailand (living on the beach):**<br>
Round trip flight from San Diego: **$1,195**<br>
Hostel (Cliff Cottage) for 30 days: **$210**<br>
Total: **$1,405**

Flying to Singapore and staying for a month costs me **$1,037 less** than I was spending living in San Francisco.

So, for less than the rent I was paying in Seattle, and much less than my rent in San Francisco, I can fly across the world and live in a new place every month. As the flights are by far the biggest expense, I can live even more cheaply if I stay longer or travel shorter distances by train or bus.