---
layout: post
title:  "It Begins"
categories: travel
---

In the winter of 2011-2012 I spent four months with a great friend (LINK TO RAPH) visiting (NUMBER OF CITIES) in 12 countries throughout Asia, Australia, and Europe. It was a life-changing, fantastic, exhausting whirlwind of a trip. I had more interesting photos and stories to tell after that trip than from the entire rest of my life. It took me weeks to go through all of the photos, (FIND THIS NUMBER) in all. I wanted to keep going, but I was burned out on traveling and wanted to focus on starting a software company. If you're starting a software company, you're supposed to move to San Francisco, so I did just that.

But living in San Francisco bored me.

Because I "lived" there I never bothered being a tourist and seeing all the city's sights. I've never been to Alcatraz. I went across the Golden Gate Bridge just once. I went to Berkeley once, for dinner. I went on a boat tour of the Bay, but just because my parents came to visit. I spent most of my time sitting alone at my desk writing code. I could barely afford my rent in Upper Haight so I definitely could not afford to take a lot of trips, but I did a few times anyway. I desperately missed the thrill of traveling. So I decided to travel again, but indefinitely this time.

It took me a couple of months to prepare for the journey:

**I became homeless**. I don't pay rent anywhere, so I can spend that money on flights and hostels.<br>
**I sold and gave away everything** - my furniture, video games, books, extra computers, kitchen appliances, clothes, and my car. Now all of my posessions fit into a 32L backpack.<br>
**I got LASIK**. Not needing glasses is an incredible life change.<br>
**I bought new tools:** a new camera (Olympus E-P5), the newest 15" MacBook Pro Retina, and an iPad Air. I'm waiting until I leave to get a Nexus 5 so I can use LTE outside of the US.

So now it begins. I'm going to spend 33 days in Singapore for the first step of my new life.