---
layout: page
title: What's In My Backpack
---

I gave away and sold everything else I owned, so this is the full list of my possessions.

#Backpack

**Gregory Savant 58L**<br>
*This backpack compresses very well so I usually fill it with about 30L, but if I need to carry extra food, presents, or cold-weather clothing, I can expand it. It opens from both bottom and top which is an absolute must for me.*

**Marmot Kompressor Plus 20L**<br>
*I carry this every day, usually bringing my laptop, chargers, camera, an extra shirt, an umbrella, and a bottle of water.*


#Electronics

**MacBook Pro Retina 15"**<br>
*I can't do without retina. I run OS X and Windows 8 because I need both for development, but I mostly live in OS X unless I'm gaming or testing IE.*

**iPad Air**<br>
*I upgraded my iPad 3 to the Air because of the size and weight difference. It's a huge difference. I could get a Mini to save even more weight, but it's too close to phone sized for me.*

**Kindle Paperwhite**<br>
*It's impossible to carry physical books and the Kindle is great.*

**iPhone 5**<br>
*This has been my phone for two years but 4G doesn't work outside of the US.*

**Nexus 5**<br>
*I got this imported from Hong Kong while in Singapore. I use this for 4G outside of the US.*

I have to have both iOS and Android for testing apps on both platforms. I used to be a staunchly iOS guy but Android is growing on me.


#Photography

I used to have a Canon 5D Mk II, but I now prefer something small and inconspicuous, so it's light and trasportable and so people don't notice me taking pictures of them.

**Olympus E-P5**<br>
*I seriously love the stabilization on this camera.  It's amazing for night shots. And hand-held video looks like it's on a tripod or steadycam. Amazing.*

**Panasonic 14-42mm f/3.5-5.6**<br>
*It's about the same quality and speed as the kit lens (which is quite good) but it's super small.*

**Panasonic 20mm f/1.7**<br>
*This is amazing for night shots. It focuses slowly sometimes but it takes amazing photos. And it's a pancake lens so it's super small.*

**Capture Camera Clip**<br>
*I can attach my camera to my belt or backpack strap with this. It makes it easy to carry around the camera without having to stuff it into a pocket or back into the camera bag.*

**Watson Compact Charger**<br>
*This charger doesn't have a long cord like the included charger.*


#Electronics Accessories

**Lacie Rugged 1.5 TB**<br>
*I take a lot of pictures and have a lot of movies and TV shows to watch if I get bored.*

**Adonit Jot Pro**<br>
*This is my favorite stylus because it's very accurate. I use it for drawing UI sketches on my iPad.*


#Clothes

I usually get about a week's usage out of my wardrobe. Sometimes I wear the same thing twice if it didn't get too dirty.

**4 polyester t-shirts**<br>
They're very light for comfort in hot weather. They dry over night if I need to wash them in the sink or shower. They're very brightly colored so I look awesome.

**2 pairs of hybrid shorts**<br>
I can wear them for normal life and for swimming. They look like regular shorts so I don't look ridiculous.

**1 pair of pants**<br>
REI Adventure pants. They look nice and have great pockets.

**4 pairs of Ex-Officio underwear**<br>
They dry over night for easy washing.

**3 pairs of socks**<br>
*Brightly colored socks that I got at Uniqlo in Japan. They dry overnight. I usually wear flip flops so don't wear these much.*

**1 pair of flip flops**<br>
*Sanuk Beer Cozy (interesting name huh?) bought in Phuket. I have a broken toe so I need really nice and soft flip flops. These are great. My old pair lasted 6 years but had no traction left.*

**1 pair of shoes**<br>
*Bright red New Balance sneakers commemorating the Chinese Year of the Dragon, covered in dragon scales and claws, bought in Tokyo. They've been going strong for two years now.*

#Miscellaneous

**Toiletry bag**<br>
*Toothbrush, toothpaste, deodorant*

**Shower bag**<br>
*Braun Series 7 razor, face soap, moisturizer*

**Eye drops**<br>
*I have to have them because of the LASIK. After three months I'm using them most days when I wake up, but sometimes don't need them. If I don't get much sleep my eyes are extra dry.*