---
layout: post
title:  "Anonymous Fame"
categories: travel
---

I'm internet famous! Well, my photos are internet famous, but nobody knows that I took them.

On April 20, I went with [Eli](http://eli-white.com) to Ōkunoshima, an island in Japan that's full of bunnies (and an old poison gas factory). We spent the day playing with and feeding the bunnies. And we took loads of pictures, because how could you not take pictures of that much concentrated cuteness?

I posted my favorites to Facebook and got a total of 86 likes and 23 comments. I'm not a very active Facebook user, so this was a lot for me. I was pretty excited.

Then Eli told me he posted some of the photos on [Reddit](REDDIT LINK) and it was getting voted up and generating some comments. So I posted the full album of photos to imgur and posted it in a comment. By the time I went to sleep, the post had hit #2 on the front page, and it hit #1 while I was sleeping. As of June 3, the post has 3,562 points with 22,004 upvotes and 18,442 downvotes.

A few days later we found out that the photos had been posted on [The Meta Picture](META LINK) as a blog post, ripping the photos out of my imgur album and adding some of their own commentary. I'm not sure how many views/likes/whatever it's gotten, but a few friends saw it and mentioned it to me.

Then we saw the photos on [tumblr](TUMBLR LINK), crediting Eli's imgur album. That post has gotten 120,811 notes as of June 3.

Some of the photos featured bunnies playing with an empty food cup that caused a lot of negative comments from people who thought we were murdering the bunnies or something. I'm assuming that explains why 18,442 people would downvote pictures of cute bunnies on reddit?